i know 
i know 
i can solve any problem in data structures
i can do this solution
i have done many projects in 
i have much expereince in 
i do know how to do things and solve problems in 
0 XOR 0 is also zero, but 0 XOR 1 or 1 XOR 0 is always 1.
Open closed is another principle from SOLID, which asserts that a system should be open for extension but closes for modification. 
i know how to code
i know  and 
i am an expert in 
I'm a hacker and I love making b-tree
Well, I have been working for last six years as a Data manager
During that time, I have been trained and certified on a number of different software systems platforms
I'd really describe myself as a person with a willingness to go the extra mile to satisfy a customer.
I am looking to take my career to next level and move on to contract work into a full time employee for a company where I can be a part of team, working directly with customers
I'd build a long team career that let me focus on professional growth.
About my education I have completed +2, in govt, higher sec
 I am pursuing BCA in Sikkim Manipal University, about my experience
 I have 2-year experience first source as per CSR
 I am handling online Shopping
 My strength positive thinking
 I am interested in swimming in water
 My long term Goal is Become a manager
 Now moving to my strength- hard working, work under pressure, understanding, team spirit and had an exposer to MNC GSK for a month
 My short-term goal is to work at a reputed company and achieve a experience since I am a fresher.
 I have done higher secondary from Assam university
 My worked experience is six years as a salesman
 My strength is I'm honest, hardworking and disciplined
I am pursuing BCA from Amrapali group of institute Haldwani.
I belong to Kichha I have completed my intermediate from Jaycees public school, Rudrapur.
I can interact with people easily.
I love to attend family parties I am quite adventures too.
I have a hobby of playing Football and I have been captain of my team so many times.
To keep myself fit I use to go gym and morning walk.
Overall, I have around 5 years of experience in the Industrial Automation field at various positions.
I was working as an electrical design engineer on Eplan Design tool.
I worked on standardization of schematics
with the best features of Eplan we reduced the schematic development time, efforts and mistakes.
This helped us get sufficient time to improve the same thing within the project development deadline.
I also have certifications of PLC and HMI through Siemens Mumbai.
In my entire career I got opportunity to travel to abroad countries for projects.
My hobbies are I play snooker, table tennis, I watch YouTube for funny videos, fail win compilation videos, science of stupids on discovery.
I would love to work with the organisation and I assure you to give my best and smart efforts.
My highest qualification is post graduation I completed my MBA in stream of Finance from JNTU university in Anantapur.
I have a good knowledge of MS Word and MS Excel.
My strengths are I am honest, hardworking, disciplined person, and I have good command over excel.
I have 3-year experience in IT and management.
I am very strong, kindly, and experienced leader also, I am very interested in my field because I am always a success.
I have a total of 5 years experience as a store manage
I recently completed BE in electronics and communication from 
When in my UG I work hard and completed assignment before deadline that's why all friends happy about me.
I'm self-motivate, hardworking and multitasking
 can give more output when I work under pressure
 I'm fast learner and willing to learn more.
 I have a good knowledge in programming and web application development
 My technical key skills are catia v5, auto cad, CNC programming, ansys.
 study of vortex induced vibration for energy harvesting system.
 I know some technical skills: JAVA, SQL, Data Structure, c++.

